Story Overview: 
The game follows a Portuguese expedition to South America in the late 1500s/early 1600s. 
The expedition arrives in the Northern half of the Portoguese empire in South America (what is now Brazil). 
The expedition was chartered by the King of Portugal and on paper has the intent of mapping the region and finding a place to begin construction of new towns and cities in the New World. 
However, the captain of the expedition, as well as some of the others, have gone on this journey with the intent of finding “El Dorado” or the city of gold in South America.

The expedition has constructed a camp near the shores where they landed and have been there for a few weeks. 
The first scouting party that was sent out when they landed has not returned. 
The captain has selected you to find other crew members to join you for a second scouting expedition. 

Routes: 
Based on the characters chosen and the choices made throughout the story, different events happen. 
Whether that be actually finding El Dorado, dying to natives, fighting an Aztec God or returning to Portugal, there are various endings and routes that can happen. 

This leads to somewhat high replayability to get the different endings or to use the cast of unique characters. 

Gameplay:
The game plays similar to many RPGs. You have a 4 or 5 man party, each with their own class and skills they can use. 
The game uses turn based actions in battle. 
On each turn you can select the actions who want a particular character to use, whether that be attack, use a skill, defend or use an item. 
The speed of each character determines the order of actions. 

At the end of each “expedition day” there will be a campfire chat that determines what happens the next day based on the dialog choices selected. 
	
Talk System:
At the beginning of the game you can talk to different expedition members to see who wants to join you on your scouting mission. 
The characters will tell you a bit about themselves and then ask you questions. 
Based on your responses to the questions, they will either decide to or decide not to join you. 
